This necklace
Naturally got it from him
Because he is your biological daughter
Ah!
You are teasing me.
Dad, I'm really Mengmeng
Chairperson Ning
Killed his own grandson with his own hands
Torturing his own daughter
How does it taste?
you
Ah!
nonsense
You bastard
You made me do it
Did you blame the total dream?
You deliberately hid him
You just want me to miss him?
Right
I want you to try it too
The pain and despair of losing a loved one
Ning Tianyu
I have justifiably become your son-in-law
After you die
Everything you have is mine
Don't worry.
I will take good care of your daughter Jiman
I will always keep him by my side
Torment him forever
Mom
Mom, I'm sorry.
Mom is dying
Mom doesn't blame you
Monster Nine Monsters Restoration River
I'll be down with you right away
It turned out to be this prison door and window
He has always regarded me as a wife for revenge